some people believe that the so called 'face'on mars was created by life on mars. Thisis not the case The face on Mors 15 anaturally occuring land form called a mesa.It was not created by allens, and there ISno conspiracy TO hide lifeforms on mors.There is no evidence that NASA has foundthat even suggests that this face wascreated by aliens.A mesa is a naturally occuring rock formationthat is found on Mars and Earth. Th is 'face'on mars only looks like a face becausehuman tends to see faces wherever we 100K,humans are obviously extremely social.which is why our brain is designed torecognize faces.Many conspiracy theorists believe that NASAis hiding life on Mars from rest of theworld. These people would be very wrong.If NASA found life on Mars, then they wouldget millions of people's attention NASA's budgetwould increase drastically, which means theirworkers would get paid more. There is no goodreason that NASA would nide life on Marsfrom rest of the world.so, NASA is not niding life on Mars from us,and they are not trying TO trick us intothinking that the iface. on mars is just amesa, because it actually is. NASA hiding lifewould be illogical. because if they foundlife on MARS, they would make a lot of money,and all we know that the people at NASAaren't illogical people.some people believe that the so called 'face'on mars was created by life on mars. Thisis not the case The face on Mors 15 anaturally occuring land form called a mesa.It was not created by allens, and there ISno conspiracy TO hide lifeforms on mors.There is no evidence that NASA has foundthat even suggests that this face wascreated by aliens.A mesa is a naturally occuring rock formationthat is found on Mars and Earth. Th is 'face'on mars only looks like a face becausehuman tends to see faces wherever we 100K,humans are obviously extremely social.which is why our brain is designed torecognize faces.Many conspiracy theorists believe that NASAis hiding life on Mars from rest of theworld. These people would be very wrong.If NASA found life on Mars, then they wouldget millions of people's attention NASA's budgetwould increase drastically, which means theirworkers would get paid more. There is no goodreason that NASA would nide life on Marsfrom rest of the world.so, NASA is not niding life on Mars from us,and they are not trying TO trick us intothinking that the iface. on mars is just amesa, because it actually is. NASA hiding lifewould be illogical. because if they foundlife on MARS, they would make a lot of money,and all we know that the people at NASAaren't illogical people.some people believe that the so called 'face'on mars was created by life on mars. Thisis not the case The face on Mors 15 anaturally occuring land form called a mesa.It was not created by allens, and there ISno conspiracy TO hide lifeforms on mors.There is no evidence that NASA has foundthat even suggests that this face wascreated by aliens.A mesa is a naturally occuring rock formationthat is found on Mars and Earth. Th is 'face'on mars only looks like a face becausehuman tends to see faces wherever we 100K,humans are obviously extremely social.which is why our brain is designed torecognize faces.Many conspiracy theorists believe that NASAis hiding life on Mars from rest of theworld. These people would be very wrong.If NASA found life on Mars, then they wouldget millions of people's attention NASA's budgetwould increase drastically, which means theirworkers would get paid more. There is no goodreason that NASA would nide life on Marsfrom rest of the world.so, NASA is not niding life on Mars from us,and they are not trying TO trick us intothinking that the iface. on mars is just amesa, because it actually is. NASA hiding lifewould be illogical. because if they foundlife on MARS, they would make a lot of money,and all we know that the people at NASAaren't illogical people.